Title: Page Läyout

Page Layout
===========

Headings (Yay!)
---------------

This is a Heading 1

This might be an introductory paragraph on the general topic.

Heading 2 gets more specific

Now we're getting into the details.

Block Quotations

Even Mr. Sedaris, a noted luddite, has finally succumbed to doing his writing on a computer.  The Internet, however, remains an idiotic trifle:

bq. I've never seen the Internet. I don't have email. I just enjoy lying on the couch and reading a magazine. When people say, "You should visit my Web page," I'm always perplexed by it. Why? What do you do there?

Haven't we all pondered that at one time or another?

Bullet lists

Textile has several advantages over HTML:

* It's easier on the eyes
* You don't have to write all those HTML tags
** By not writing the tags yourself, you're less likely to make coding mistakes
** It requires fewer keystrokes
*** You don't wear out the keys on your keyboard as fast
*** You won't wear out your fingers as fast
* You can write it much quicker

Numbered lists

# Gather bread, peanut butter, and jelly
# Slice the bread if necessary
# Assemble the sandwich
## Spread peanut butter on one slice of bread
## Put jelly on another slice
## Put the two slices together
# Enjoy

Mixed nested lists

Three reasons to walk to work:

# It saves fuel
# It's good for your health
** Walking burns calories
** Time outside means lower stress
# It's good for the environment

Definition lists

- coffee := Hot and black
- tea := Also hot, but a little less black
- milk :=
Nourishing beverage for baby cows.

Cold drink that goes great with cookies. =:

Footnotes

42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot.[1]

fn1. "Dr. Katz":http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Steven_Wright

Tables

|_. name|_. age|
|Walter|5|
|Florence|6|

Divisions

div. A simple div.
